Could've been
a faulty electrical wire.
Place was all wood.
A tinderbox.
Thing just went up.
Boom.
Verdict's in, bro.
Whoever's up there
does not like you.
Sorry.
Sarah, when did you say
the pilot was getting in?
Probably like an hour?
I mean, once he's here,
my dad says we can leave whenever we want.
Okay, well, as much as I would love
to ghost my parents again, I can't.
Pope, we're talking El Dorado here.
Can you just slip out the back maybe?
- Great advice.
-  It always worked for me.
How to avoid unpleasant circumstances 101.
If there's a problem,
you don't wanna face it,
turn that face and keister around
and walk the other way.
I'm not doing that, okay?
I just want you to be there, dog.
I'm gonna be there.
I'll meet you at the airstrip in an hour?
- Yeah, we'll see you there.
-  One hour, Pope. Not a second later.
Think you should let me talk, Pope.
Think your mom kinda likes me.
I don't think it's gonna be pleasant
for either of us.
I'm gonna take a stroll back to the shack.
For old time's sake.
I always wanted to go to South America.
Great surf, cheap weed.
- Yeah.
-  See you guys on the tarmac.
I guess I'll go pack some stuff
and break the news to my parents.
Hey, Jayj, wait.
Hey. Um...
Just, uh, last night, you were...
you were saying something
before the fire.
I'll tell you what.
- I'll tell you on the plane.
Just to make sure you get on.
- Right.
I'm gonna hold you to that.
I'm sure you will.
So glad you're not stalling.
It's something that,
once it's done, cannot be undone.
There's no going back.
Talking about your pops,
talking about your blood.
You're not gonna shoot me, are you?
I need you to leave.
Oh, yeah?
We talked about this already, Rafe.
I need you to go live
your life in Guadeloupe,
and you can let me live mine here.
I'm not gonna do that, okay?
You realize...
Hey, you realize
what could happen if you stay?
- What could happen, Rafe?
- What could happen?
The police could find you here. Easy.
And then, it's... it's done.
You're gone forever.
Or something much worse.
Much worse.
What have you done, son?
It's not gonna be good if you stay.
I'm asking you for a favor, okay?
You'd do anything in the world for Sarah.
Anything.
Now I'm asking, okay? Son to father.
I'm not sure
you get to play that card anymore.
I'm staying.
Then whatever happens is on you.
Yep, it's on me.
Whatever you've done is on me, Rafe.
Pope, you've always known
your own mind. I appreciate that.
I know you're smarter than me,
but... there is no way in hell
we're letting you run off
to the jungles of South America
with your hoodlum friends.
Pop, please.
I know Denmark Tanny
would want me to do this. Please!
And you, Miss Cleo? You're free
to do whatever you want to do.
But this one right here,
he is not on his own.
I get it. You want to protect him.
Keep him safe because you love him.
Yes, I love him.
Mr. Heyward, you've taught him
everything he needs to know.
But what I've seen from your baby boy
is he's ready to fly the nest. He's right.
This is about Denmark Tanny
and your family's legacy.
I've gotta do this.
It's the real thing. Dad, Mom.
This is it.
Plus, I'm going.
I'm gonna take care of him. Keep him safe.
♪ Listen, listen, all around ♪
♪ Noise and rhythm in this town ♪
♪ Well, I'm back to the rhythm
Work till I ♪
♪ Back to the rhythm
I'll work until I die ♪
What the hell?
Oh shit.
Shit. Shit.
JJ! Your ol' buddy, Mike.
- You lost my load. Time to pay up!
All right, we're gonna do this your way.
Hmm?
I'm coming in, JJ!
Yeah, I know you're in there.
We're gonna do this your way.
It's gonna be a lot easier
if you do it now.
- JJ!
Damn it. Where are you?
JJ!
I'm gonna find you!
I want my money.
- You're sure the pilot's gonna be there?
- Yes.
Your dad's not playing some trick on us?
I mean, why would he help us?
John B, the plane's gonna be there.
The pilot's gonna be there.
He promised it's gonna take us
straight down to Orinoco.
I believe him.
I mean, I'm practically an adult.
I'll never ask for anything again.
No, I cannot promise that.
I'm gonna write an essay
about my experiences
with the Indigenous tribes
in South America,
and then I will use that
to apply for college.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That dog's gonna hunt.
Hey, Kiara.
- Hey, come back.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
I just want to talk to you.
- Uh, no, thanks.
-  Kiara, it'll just take a second.
Stranger danger.
Hey!
Dad.
Uh, Mom.
- Who are you?
-  Look.
This can go one of two ways.
No, no, no.
I'm sorry, honey.
We're sending you away for a while.
- They say that Kitty Hawk's the best.
-  Wait, what?
We just need to try this, okay?
We're just trying to help you.
- No.
-  Stay calm.
-  It's not forever. I love you.
- Mom. Mom.
-  I'm sorry.
- I can't do this right now.
- We're trying to help you.
-  Mom, Mom, Mom!
You have to try.
You can't send me
to wilderness cuckoo's nest!
They're not gonna hurt you.
They're good. They'll help you out.
Don't fight it. Just go, baby.
It's best for you right now.
I said I don't wanna go. I don't want to!
-  Kiara.
-  I don't want to!
I have somewhere to be. No!
No!
Mom! Dad! Please!
No. No. No. No.
Mom!
Dad! Please! No!
-  Dude, where is everybody?
- I don't know.
We should get in the Twinkie,
and we should just get 'em.
- Just give 'em five minutes, all right?
- Guys, there's Pope and Cleo.
- God!
-  Were you guys waiting for us?
Yes, we were. You're late.
Did you actually convince
your pops this time or...
Cleo convinced him.
My girl. That's what I'm talking about.
- I thank you for being a part of my crew.
- Anytime.
Hey, where's, uh... where's Kie?
I don't know.
It's gotta be her parents, dude.
They've been up her ass.
They must've said
she couldn't come.
We're gonna have to do this without her.
No.
Give me the keys.
- No, dude. No, no, no, no, no.
- Gimme the keys.
- It doesn't seem like a good idea now, JJ.
- Look.
Her parents already hate me. All right?
- Just give me an hour.
It'll be like a black ops mission,
in and out.
-  You gotta be...
- Surgical removal type shit.
Plus... I kind of owe her.
- Gimme the keys.
- Oh.
Stop making that face and gimme the keys.
Okay. Well, yeah,
you owe her, right? You owe her.
I get it. I just appreciate the honesty.
Okay? Hurry back.
- Hurry. Hurry.
-  Just give me an hour.
No, no. Don't, don't. No.
That door opens, bro.
Feather, feather,
feather the throttle, you know?
You got 59 minutes, JJ.
Howdy, y'all.
- Lovely afternoon.
-  JJ.
Do not come on my property.
Not even a little bit.
Yeah. Right. Um...
- Well...
Yeah, you know why I'm here.
To see Kiara, and, uh...
well, we were supposed to hear from her,
uh, but we haven't yet, so that's why--
JJ, she's not here.
Like I'm supposed to believe that?
All right, um, well, then where is she?
Let's just say you're not gonna see her
for a while. All right?
We sent her someplace
where she can try and rebuild
what you and your friends destroyed.
You sent her to that wilderness camp?
- Yep.
-  God.
You know,
y'all really are some Kooks.
- No! Just--
-  You gooned her.
- You gooned your own daughter?
-  Hey! You gave us no choice.
You gave us no choice, JJ! I don't wanna
see you around my family again!
Don't worry, Mike, you won't.
♪ Crouched among the dying pines... ♪
- I have Kiara Carrera.
-  Go ahead.
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, oh yeah ♪
♪ Strong and steady like the wind ♪
♪ It makes you feel young again ♪
♪ Drains the blood from out your bones ♪
♪ And makes you nimble in your toes ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, oh yeah ♪
Well, thank you for sharing, Kiara,
and thank you for putting on our uniform.
- Like I had a choice.
Well, now the good news is,
we have a name for your condition.
- Great.
- ODD.
Oppositional defiant disorder.
What is that?
It's consistent opposition to authority.
Did you just make that up?
Sounds like bullshit.
As I was saying, consistent opposition.
Now, fortunately,
it's very treatable with medication.
I'm not taking medication.
See that? That right there? Your reaction.
You just confirmed my diagnosis.
- Now, we can help with this.
- Your professional diagnosis.
- You just have to work with us.
- Right.
Um, do you mind if I use the restroom?
It was a long drive.
Of course. Right there.
Open the door.
- Come on! Open it!
No! No, no, no, no. No. Get off me!
Get off me!
- You people are crazy!
At Kitty Hawk,
patients will not be allowed
to contact the outside world
for the first six weeks of their stay.
Patients will not be able
to use their phones.
Patients will work
to be diligent and polite.
Patients will be expected
to get to work on time.
Be awake by 6:00 a.m.
and asleep by 9:00 p.m.
Failure to adhere to the rules will result
in time in the reflection cabin.
This is all
in the patient's best interest.
He left me. He left me with nothing.
No other freaking option, you know.
-  Hey.
- I'm gonna--
Hey.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm good. I'm good.
All right.
Um, well, thanks for letting me crash.
Yeah, yeah, of course.
Actually, um,
do you ever, uh...
Do you ever feel like every move
is the wrong one or something?
I don't know if that makes sense.
All the time.
- Really?
-  Yes.
For example, I could've had a degree,
but, um, instead, I am a bartender,
and that's all I'm ever gonna be,
so, yeah, trust me, I get it.
Yeah, so...
I'm just...
I'm in a position right now
where, uh, if I do what's good for me...
like, the smart thing,
then I gotta be really hard on...
...someone else.
You gotta look out for yourself, right?
No one else is going to.
Yeah. No, I... I hear that. I'm just...
Help... helping me
is gonna hurt someone that I care about.
A lot.
Well, um, the way I see it is,
when you've got
a really, really, really tough choice
to make,
the trick is to do the thing
that you'll regret the least.
I learned that the hard way.
You'll come to it.
- You don't even know me.
- I know enough, Rafe.
You're not like everyone else
from the club with their golf shoes
and their shiny watches.
Yeah, I don't care about any of that.
You're different.
I like that.
You'll do the right thing.
I'm sure you will.
It's all there.
I got what you need.
Make it a clean job. Untraceable.
And we ain't never gonna
see each other again.
-  Hey, cuz.
-  Ricky.
What was the name of that wilderness camp
that Uncle Larry sent you to?
- Remember the one?
-  It's kinda my day off.
I got a whole to-do list
to get ready for Cluckingham Palace.
Ricky, screw your chickens!
I need to know
what's the name of the wilderness camp
that you got sent to
in ninth grade for being a perv?
I wasn't being a perv, dude.
That shit was taken out of context.
My bad, all right?
All I need to know is, what's the name?
Kitty Hawk.
There's a girls' half and a boys' half.
It's like this reeducation camp
run by the Moonies
outside the city near the coastal swamp.
Kitty Hawk Camp.
Hey, why you asking? That's not
where they're sending you, is it?
Funny. All right, that's all I need.
Thank you for the information, cuz.
- I'll talk to you soon.
-  You owe me for what I did with--
- JJ?
- Goddamn it. Goddamn it.
- Yo. JJ?
Little change of plans. They did it.
They sent Kiara to the wilderness camp.
Oh no.
So, uh, I'm gonna need
about eight hours for liberation.
Eight hours? I don't have eight hours!
We've got a jet here. We're all waiting.
I know, dog. I know the clock is ticking.
Just hold out as long as you can.
If you gotta go, we'll meet you there.
No, we can't... we can't...
No, JJ, listen, we can't wait for you.
I know. I'm working on it, dude.
Luckily, I'm a problem solver.
- Just stay in the Matrix, okay? I repeat--
- JJ?
- Damn!
- Son of a bitch.
- Yo, what's going on?
What'd he say?
I'm gonna kill him.
You gotta be kidding me!
Piece of shit.
God!
Okay, fine.
Really?
After everything you just put me through,
and you shoot out my... my friend's tire!
That's not even my van!
You lost the load, JJ.
Now instead of me getting paid,
I owe them.
- Which I guess means you owe me, right?
-  I know, Barr--
Get in the car!
As much as I would like to,
I kinda got a date, so...
You heard him. Get in the car.
Okay.
If that's how it's gonna be.
Look, I know you've heard the stories.
About me and my friends,
a little something
called the Royal Merchant.
A pile of gold. Is that ringing any bells?
I heard some bullshit.
-  Well, that bullshit's real.
- Yeah?
And yeah, we found it.
Yeah, I saw. That's why you got
a bunch of dudes throwing your furniture
in a dumpster out back your house?
You're living high off the hog, bro.
Yeah, you're talking about the house
that's being foreclosed? The cover?
The one to throw off the scent?
Rule number one, don't do flashy shit,
like pay off a mortgage
when you're cashing in.
Stop. Let me guess.
You, uh... you got that gold.
It's buried somewhere in a barn, right?
And if I just let you go right now,
you'll run right there,
you'll get it, we'll split it, right?
Not exactly.
Actually, it's a little sweeter than that.
May I?
Look, let's just forget
about the Merchant gold.
That's just the tip of the iceberg.
We're going after the main course
right now. All right?
We're going after the mother lode.
And that's the truth
of why we need
to get down to South America.
Okay?
Mike, come on, man,
I'm trying to help you.
By giving you the opportunity
to make ten times more.
No skin off your nose.
Just a lottery ticket.
So, in this hand, you can get the pleasure
of beating my ass right here, right now.
I honestly get that temptation.
I really do.
All right? But in this hand,
in this hand, Mike,
you got a pile of gold
sitting and waiting for you,
and all you need to have
is just a little bit of patience, okay?
And a flight to South America.
Did you hear about John B?
His house burnt down last night.
Wow.
That... that's rough. I can't imagine.
Yeah. Well, karma.
Yeah. Yeah. It is, isn't it?
Yeah. And it looks like Rose is back.
I saw the Cameron plane on the airstrip.
You know, I really need to get her
something nice to welcome her back.
She has had such a tough time.
- What's good, big killer?
-  I'm calling it off.
I'm calling it off. It's over.
I don't want to do that thing anymore.
- Um...
-  Hey.
- You didn't do it, right?
- Do what, Rafe?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't do illegal things.
What does that mean?
Layers of protection, Rafe.
- Safety lies in the layers of protection.
- I don't want it done anymore.
Okay? I'm done.
That sounds like a problem, but it's
out of my hands now, Country Club.
Wait, out of your... out of your hands? Hey.
Hey, explain, what does that mean?
What does that mean, "Out of your hands."
I'm not the roofer, Rafe.
I'm just a contractor.
I wanted you to do it, Barry.
- I wanted you to do it.
- You didn't say nothing about me doing it.
- We talked about it.
- You just gave me money.
- That's all you did.
- Is it done already, man?
Hey, I need to know, is it done already?
Barry, is it done?
No!
You're wasting
your damn time with me right now.
- All right.
- I told you I'm not the one doing it.
Oh God.
- Oh God.
Hey, Sarah.
What are you doing?
You just seeing John B off or what?
I'm sorry I, uh... I didn't call.
- I meant to call you last night.
- Oh, you meant to call me last night?
Okay. No, it's all good.
I was actually asking around myself
and heard your dad's plane was here.
And I was like,
"Oh, that's... that's interesting."
Yeah.
So are you leaving with him?
Are you leaving with him?
Yes or no, Sarah.
You're just... you're just a f...
a damn liar, Sarah Cameron.
You've always been a liar.
After everything we've been through?
This... this is what you're gonna do to me?
I'm done. Okay?
You literally just promised John B
would go away, you'd stay here with me.
I can't keep doing this
to myself anymore, man.
Hey, Top. You got
a little something right here, man.
Why don't you shut up? How about that?
And oh, buddy, John B,
you better be glad I didn't swing back
at you at the Wreck
'cause I think you know
what would've happened.
I'm not taking the bait, Top.
You're right.
You would've kicked my ass.
I, um, heard
they're remodeling the Chateau.
That's tough, man. How'd that happen?
What did you just say?
No, Topper, what'd you just say?
Hey, you guys have a nice life, all right?
That's what you call a Kook?
- Oh yeah. Big-time.
Hi. Uh, yeah, the, uh...
the district attorney's office, please.
Right, yeah. Yes, it's...
it's, uh... it's Topper Thornton.
Right, Judge Thornton's grandson.
Hey, listen, I would, um...
I'd like to formally file charges, okay?
Ah, shit.
Hold it right there, please.
-  How are y'all doing?
-  Can I help you?
Hey there, uh, sir. I...
Camp counselor Laura,
I'm her... I'm her brother.
I was gonna drop off one of these packages
back here for her, if that's okay.
It's real quick.
I promise, just in and out.
- That all right?
- Yeah. Go ahead.
Thank you so much. All right.
Y'all have a good day.
Hi there, sir, uh, I'm looking for...
I'm looking for the office.
-  Yeah?
- Uh, is there a main lodge or something?
Like a main lodge? Right down there?
- Appreciate it.
-  Right down there.
- How's it going, ma'am? Um...
-  Uh...
Can I help you, son?
I have a message
for one of your campers here. Um...
Uh, her name is Kiara, uh, Carrera.
She's here, right?
Unfortunately,
we're not allowed to do that.
You're not even supposed
to be here on campus.
Okay. It's... it's just
that it's a very important... May I sit?
- Uh...
- A very important matter, ma'am.
Oh, I'm sure it is, sweetie,
but we have a policy.
No contact from the outside world
for the first six weeks.
Right.
Ma'am.
It's actually a family matter, and, uh...
I'm... I'm related to her. I'm her cousin.
So, look, I know you got a policy and all,
but there's just been something
that happened recently that...
You know what?
I'm getting a little emotional.
So I think I should go. I'm sorry.
I shouldn't even be here,
like you said, so I'll leave you alone.
But before I leave,
could you just let her know, um...
just that, uh...
...Marley didn't make it?
- Who's Marley?
- Marley's her best friend.
A Siamese mix,
and, um, yeah, it was really sudden.
And, you know, uh... the mailman
was coming at 40 miles per hour so...
- He's in a better place now.
But, um, could you just let her know
for me? I'd really appreciate that.
- Thank you, ma'am. You have a great one.
♪ I don't wanna wait ♪
♪ To be christened as ♪
♪ To be christened as... ♪
Kiara? Sweetie?
Can you come out here?
I'm sorry, sweetie, but at Kitty Hawk,
we feel you have
the strength to hear all the news,
including bad news.
What happened?
Well, your cousin was here a minute ago.
Wait, what cousin?
A young man, blond.
He asked me to tell you that Marley,
well, he passed away.
- Like Bob Marley? 'Cause...
- No. Your Siamese mix, Marley.
- Oh.
- Aw.
No. No.
When?
We got the news just after you arrived.
We thought you should know.
Yeah.
- Oh, come here.
-  Okay.
It's okay, it's okay.
Yeah.
You know, I actually gonna need
a little more time to process.
Take all the time you need.
-♪ I don't wanna wait ♪
JJ...
♪ To be christened as ♪
Ow!
♪ When I'll learn ♪
♪ That I just loved her ♪
♪ She was never mine to lose ♪
No!
Oh!
No, no, no, no! I'm okay.
-  Okay.
Rafe, he's got a knife!
Rafe.
-  Rafe! Rafe! Rafe!
Rafe! Rafe! Stop it!
Are you okay?
You want me to call the police?
No, no, no, we're good.
We don't need the police. We're good.
Are you sure you're...
- Ward?
Is that you?
Ward Cameron?
- Holy shit, Ward!
-  No. Hey, we're good!
Go, get out of here! Go!
Let's go.
-  Hey. Come on.
I need a helmet. I can't be seen.
I gotta have a helmet.
I think we gotta go.
- Right?
-  Yeah.
We know you're grieving and feel
you're best supported by your peers.
So we're going to relocate you.
I really feel like I need
some more time to reflect.
No stalling. Come on.
We're putting you in a dorm.
Cabin six. Let's go.
Hey, uh, just hang on one sec.
Girls, this is Kiara.
She's had some tough family news.
Let's show her
some empathy and love, okay?
Can we do that?
No? Okay.
On top.
-  One-nine. Do you copy?
- Victor one-nine.
We got a call
from the DA's office.
Topper Thornton has officially pressed
charges against John B Routledge.
- Thought you'd want to know.
- Wondered when that was going down.
The Thornton kid says
that John B is out at the private airstrip
on Bohicket,
getting ready to take off
on the Camerons' private jet.
John B Routledge?
On the Camerons' jet?
That's what he said.
And something else.
Locky Machart called.
He says there was a dispute
out on the Skinners Landing,
and get this, he says he saw Ward Cameron.
Locky's telling you
he saw Ward Cameron at Skinners?
He said that this guy
who he thinks was Ward was injured
and he was heading out
in the direction of the airstrip.
Send a unit out to Skinners.
Put me on "en route" to the airstrip.
And get me some backup, will you?
You got it, Shoupe.
- Has he called?
- Have you heard from him?
- No. Nothing.
- We have to go. We don't have eight hours.
Topper might've already called the police.
Okay. Okay, I'll call him.
Okay.
Wait. That might be JJ right there.
Hey. You're okay, Dad.
You're okay, Dad. Come on. You're good.
Hey. Hey, Dad.
Hey, come on. You're okay.
You're okay.
Come on, help! Help!
Hey.
Don't just stand there.
I need some help, please, come on.
-  You got it. Keep coming.
-  Come on. Come on, you got it.
Please! Please! Come on.
- What happened?
-  Let's go on the plane.
-  Come on.
-  You're good.
A fisherman spotted him, all right?
They know he's alive.
We gotta get him off the island right now.
- I got you. I got you.
I got you, come on.
Shit, this cannot be happening.
- No. Hell, no.
We can't. We're not getting
on a plane with him. No way!
Hell, no!
Are we still going?
"Don't worry, he's not coming"?
He wasn't supposed to.
I told you.
He stays on this island, he gets arrested.
I don't think you understand. I don't know
if I can get on a plane with that guy.
This is his plane.
I can't stop him from leaving.
But he will still give us
a ride to Orinoco,
so if you don't wanna get
on the plane, I get it.
We'll find another way.
There's no other way.
Let's go.
If you're going, I'm going.
It's you and me.
Let's get on the plane.
Come on, we're getting on the plane.
- We gotta go.
- With them?
- Yes. We don't have any other choice.
- Just stick to the plan. Come on.
You're gonna be all right.
We're not done.
Hey. Don't let the devil tempt you.
- Go.
Please take care of him.
You do anything to him,
anything, I swear to God I'll find you.
Wait, Rafe.
Rafe!
Dad, hey! Get back on the plane.
- They're coming now.
- I gotta talk to you. Come here quick.
- Dad, you gotta... you gotta go!
- Rafe, now!
-  Shit.
- Go on, go.
- Shh.
Thank you.
- Yeah, thank you.
- Don't thank me.
- Yep, yep, you're a good boy.
- I'm not.
Yes, you are. Look.
Doesn't matter what happens in the middle.
It's how you come out in the end.
Look at me! Look at me!
I know what you did, okay?
I don't care,
'cause you came back for me, right?
You're in control now. You're the man.
All of it is yours, everything here.
It's yours, son. You're the man now.
You proved yourself, okay?
- You're the man.
I love you, buddy.
Oh God. All right, come on!
- I got it.
-  You good?
Goodbye, son.
Well... shit, Rafe.
You look like you got a story to tell.
-  Oh God.
Kiara?
Where are you, Kie?
You were just here.
Wait, no.
Okay.
Kie.
Kiara?
- What are you doing in here?
- Hi there. Uh, evening, miss. Uh...
Sorry. Sorry. Sorry to bother y'all. Okay.
Hello, everyone. Uh... Shit.
I know this looks bad. I come in peace.
But I'm just looking for someone.
I'm looking... looking for...
Me.
Kie.
- How did... How?
- I know. Okay, yeah.
It's a long story.
No time to explain though.
Wait, there's one thing though.
You know how you asked me
what I was going to say last night,
and, um, Kie, I just...
I wanted to say I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Kie.
I love you.
I love you too.
♪ If you don't answer
I'll just ring it off the wall... ♪
Whoa! Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Keep it down, keep it down.
Guys, come on. Shh!
♪ Don't leave me
Hanging on the telephone... ♪
To the right. Go, go, go, go!
Okay.
Can't really go through the front gate.
You good?
-  Go that way.
I never thought I was gonna make it out!
- Gotta have more faith in me.
- Mwah! This place can suck it!
Wilderness camp.
Where are we going? Is it this way?
Yeah, yeah, right up here.
This is where we're--
Why did you park so far?
Kind of a long story,
but, um, because there's
only one road into Kitty Hawk.
And with the camp and your mom
knowing what the Twinkie looks like,
I thought it'd be best
to leave it as a decoy.
There should be-- That's a cop.
Go. Cop! Cop! Cop! Cop!
-  Go.
- That's what the decoy's for.
-  Okay.
- So are we hitchhiking?
- Not quite.
We missed Ward's plane,
but I got another plan.
Come on, man.
Where you at, dude?
Here he comes. Dude, come on!
- Hurry up, man, come on!
- Who the hell is that?
- Kiara, I want you to meet someone.
- Is that Barracuda Mike?
- Yep.
- Bus is waiting. All aboard.
Mike, Kiara. Kiara, Barracuda Mike.
-  Hop on in there.
- Let me get the seat.
-  Nice to meet you.
-  That bar's for safety.
- Plane's ready, right?
- Plane is ready.
It's been ready, dude. Let's go.
That's what I'm talking about.
I did it good! I'm a hustler, baby!
Direct flight to South America
on Barracuda Airlines.
What more could you ask for?
Are you sure?
You got somewhere else to be?
Not anymore!
Me neither!
Next stop,
El Dorado.
Let's go.
Come on, let's get
the hell out of here. Go, go, go!
Going down.
- Let's go!
Let's go!
That's good.
Thank you, baby.
God bless you.
Thank you.
John.
Thank you too.
I know you won't believe it, but...
you have nothing to worry about from me.
Not anymore. I'm just here to help you.
All of you.
I have a lot to make up for.
For what it's worth...
I'm glad your father's alive.
Look at how far we've come, John.
A day's ride upriver,
and then all that's left is
a single track through the jungle.
You know, John,
all the men who have held this idol
have come to grief.
Every single one.
Many say it's cursed, you know.
Well, at this point,
it'd be hard to argue with them.
You see,
John, I don't see it as a curse.
It's a test
to prove yourself worthy
of being the true heir to the gold.
That, John,
is what the idol is looking for.
The true heir.
The man
who can pull the sword from the stone.
The other ones,
you know, they weren't the ones.
Yeah, but you've got no doubt, do you?
No.
Of course not.
Because I was born to do it, you know.
That is my destiny.
In fact, the only thing
that can stop me now
is you.
You have two days until the full moon.